hello again everyone I am back with
another episode of Travis talks and this
week we are talking about the new na LCS
now before I get into that I do want to
say I am back from Worlds I'm back from
Blizzcon which is great now I can do
these videos I don't have a sponsor
anymore if you want to support me you
can support me right here I can do that
yep so that would really help me out
there's a patreon link over there if you
want to do that there's you can put
twitch prime sub whatever let's get into
the main topic the new na LCS so I think
that it is pretty safe to say that we
are very soon going to officially get
word on who the new teams are going to
be and I'm sure they'll unfill their
brands and all and stuff at that time
anyway and the reason why it's easy to
figure out that this is coming up very
very quickly probably next week is
because the posts about the mid flight
update on the selection process I'll try
to go ahead and pull that up on the
screen here that came out a couple
months ago and in it right you know
basically right before worlds and in it
they talked about how people should
expect to see here we go got up people
should expect to see stuff happen and
the in November they said they've
denounced stuff I don't know where this
but it's somewhere in here yep yeah
we'll be announcing the final oh there
we go well you can see the final na LCS
lineup in November and then you scroll
down and it says new and remaining teams
will be able to buy these contracts or
sign new players starting at the opening
of the free agency signing window on
November 21st 2017 that's the bottom of
this first paragraph here I've just
realized you guys can't see my jesters
but that's ok so anyway let's take a
look at the calendar it is as I'm
filming this the 10th and the 21st is a
week from Tuesday so if you are going to
start having players or teams and brands
or whoever they can sign players you got
about a week to figure that stuff out
and it would make sense I already came
back from Worlds there's been enough
time now
hopefully people can figure out that
paperwork in all stuff so we're going to
officially here soon
unofficially we basically already know
through several different leaks and
stuff that came out on ESPN and the
score and elsewhere and they pretty much
coincide with everything I've heard as
well let's go ahead and review them so
we have TSM c9 CLG Team Liquid echo Fox
and fly quests very fascinating to find
out what flight quest or - it'd be very
interesting find out what flights put in
their application process because I
think they were a pretty vulnerable team
and maybe I wouldn't put money on them
making it out but they did so those guys
are in TSM c9 CLG Team Liquid echo Fox
and fly quests those are your guys that
are staying out p1 Envy Dignitas none of
which were expressed me of the big
surprise that was immortals a lot of
people probably already heard about that
if you didn't I did a video on my
youtube channel that went up a couple
weeks ago basically speculating as to
why immortals still longer in the league
and based on some additional
conversations I've had recently it does
feel like my speculation was pretty
close to where you know the facts were
but all the other video about that you
can go look at that so I'm sorry if you
were a p1 and V our morals are Dignitas
fan hopefully you can become a fan of
the new teams or one of them at least
and those teams are optic so for those
that don't know about optic they are an
established eSports brand possibly the
rival to TSM for the most eSports fans
across all of eSports they have a huge
huge following in Call of Duty I come
from console stuff they've got a csgo
team they got stuff all right so there's
optic big name it'll be really
interesting to see if they can translate
any of their fans from their other games
into League that we kind of already saw
it'd be not really managed to do this
but well if I know next up you got the
Houston Rockets for those of you that do
not know there's a lot of people
watching this video or not from the US
Houston Rockets are a NBA team a
basketball team based out of Houston
Texas so they have probably gotten in
I think it it's probably not too
surprising to anybody who has been in
the scene for a while why a while back
they hired a guy named Sebastian Park
who'd been in the eSports scene for a
while as a esports the head of eSports
for Houston Rockets and so not too
surprising to hear that they applied and
made it in Daryl Morey
is one of the guys that helps run they
used to Rockets over there or runs the
Houston Rockets depending on how you
look at it and he's a really interesting
figure in the sports scene
he actually there's a really cool
conference I went to this year that's
been around for a while at MIT or so I
guess MIT hosted its the Sloan analytic
sports conference that takes place in
Boston every year and it's basically
like the nerdy side of sports and don't
worry for my understanding is when the
architects of this stuff so and and also
when the architects of getting eSports
panels in eSports conversation into the
sports conference and so I I think you
know I'm sure he had a hand in being
very forward-thinking looking at the
stuff it's a good sign because you know
I think it's the type of person that is
able to make really smart decisions and
and look at the stuff so fascinating to
see how you some Rockets come and Golden
State Warriors : State Warriors are a
huge huge NBA team very very successful
you know well go over their pedigree too
much because I'm sure a lot of people
have already heard of them they are
based in San Francisco or the Bay Area
in California and have a lot of money
and are very very successful so it'll be
again fascinating to see how that works
their major rivals in the NBA I don't
follow the NBA but this is basically
what I figured out recently is that
their biggest rivals are the Cavs also
an NBA team from I just want to make
sure I get the city right because if I
don't people would vary because it's
Cleveland Cleveland Cavaliers you know I
was 99% sure on that but it's the type
of thing where when I do these videos if
I say one thing wrong
people discredit me and I get down votes
and everything gets ran forever so the
Cleveland Cavaliers it's late at night
as I'm filming us anyway so those guys
got in as well they are also a huge huge
name in the NBA interesting see if the
GSW a goal State Warriors Cleveland
Cavaliers rivalry reignites itself
within the LCS it's an interesting time
interesting time for any else yes so
those zero team so you got TSM c9 CLG
team like with echovox like us and now
you've got optic houston rockets Golden
State Warriors and Cavs I'm sure they
won't have those well optic might have
it the same name there are some
questions I think about whether or not
NBA teams can use their names for other
things I don't know if the NBA owns it
or not also you I who knows if they're
gonna want to line too much with the NBA
brand or says different things so many
answers to come out soon excited for
that so let's take a little minute to
talk about what to expect so I think
that you can expect all four of these
guys to really want to make a big
statement and a lot of the returning
players sorry like teams I guess I
should say just for clarity to also want
to make a big statement whatever it is
that flight quests convinced riot of you
know I'm sure it we're gonna see a very
different flight quest at least from the
company side this coming year but I also
think you know if you're optic or you're
one of these sports teams you really
really want to prove yourself and
everyone knows it's basically like the
reset for LCS right that's why it's the
new na LCS is what I've decided to call
this and so I think you know that's
going to be interesting the problem is
is that they're gonna be at a huge
disadvantage for rosters so if you think
about this every other team that has
ever entered the na LCS has had a roster
already because if you were in the LCS
you have one if you came in through
challenger you have this challenger
roster and you have the availability of
the team that maybe you relegated and
you if you are buying your way in you
have perhaps and very frequently access
to the players that were on that team
previously so this is the first time
that we literally have people you know
paying a fee getting into the NA LCS and
then having to construct a roster and by
the way they have to construct it in a
pretty short time so they'll have access
to this free agency thing that begins on
the 21st there's also the scouting
grounds event but you know you got to
build something and if you want to be
competitive it's really difficult and I
think this is why we might also see some
new talent pop up right because if you
can't get access to a lot of players
hopefully you know through scouting
grounds and the whatever analysts are
whoever these guys have hired they can
find some new talent which might be kind
of refreshing interesting I'm excited to
see how this goes now what you should
not expect is for right to give you a
satisfying answer on why your favorite
team that is no longer in the na LCS is
no longer in the NA LCS it's worth
noting so frequently you know like a big
name leaves riot in some cases is fired
from riot and riot and write it it's
like they have to tell us they have to
tell us why why do they fire this person
it is just completely unheard of for a
you know except for in rare cases of
huge scandal for a huge company to talk
about why they would fire somebody right
like it's just if it doesn't help anyone
you know similarly here I do not think
that riot is gonna be like yeah we
looked at these guys but we thought
their staff for or we thought they
didn't have enough money or they
whatever like it it's just they're not
gonna do that to these guys on the way I
was just kind of a kick in the ass and I
think the other thing is there's NDA's
between both parties you know in this
application process teams had to open up
their books riot for sure had a sign
there's like a mutual NDA right where
riot can't talk about the stuff that
they saw in the books because those are
kind of this company's company's
corporate secrets vice-versa the team
will not be able to talk about what riot
told them it's just gonna be you're
gonna get a lot of vague PR
assign be satisfying with the people
that want to know why somebody like
immortals for instance might not be
anything else yes but that's the way
that's gonna go because companies aren't
gonna just it doesn't help anyone other
than riot kind of and even then like I
just you're not gonna get it so get
ready for that the other thing is so I
kind of going back to what to expect I
think you're gonna hear some interesting
stuff maybe about salaries I'm super
fascinated to see how the stuff goes
because theoretically you know players
are probably looking at names like
Golden State Warriors and thinking like
holy moley
it's time for me to make money and again
like some of these names are going to
want to make a big statement and so they
will you know if you are where these new
teams and you come out in you win spring
split it's a really great way to pick up
all the like fans that are hanging out
in the LCS trying to figure out what
team to root for or whatever so would
not be surprised if player salaries go
up more than they they have been which
is maybe not a good thing considering
you know the revenues for teams stuff
it's not healthy but would not be
surprised if salaries go up also alright
I'm going to tell you guys a rumor that
I heard I don't normally like to give
rumors out like this because whatever
but I feel like the community's been
acting kind of responsible lately right
so as long as you guys don't lose your
and realize that this is a rumor
I'll keep giving you guys rumors every
now and then I feel like you can already
hate responsibly okay
the rumor is that at least one of the
teams that are as exiting is literally
charging new and maybe even existing
teams to be able to even speak to the
players that they have under contract so
no it's not like hey yes you can pick up
your these players from us you can buy
out their contracts or you can
you know pay us for the players to
transfer over it's like if you even want
to speak to any of these people that are
under contract you have to pay us money
just to be able to have the conversation
so you can make your own judgments about
whether or not that's right or wrong I I
feel like it's probably not great for
the players because they might be
missing out on opportunities but that's
an again rumor right but I think that
rumor is indicative of what you're going
to see which is a lot of really weird
going around with these new teams
trying to get players the existing teams
like trying to make sure that they don't
lose their players salaries going up
it's just a really really weird time for
nails yes exciting time but weird time
other than that I do all just want to
say at the end of this I think also
focus there for a second I think that
next year will be very interesting in
fact let's just say the next two years
because I've said this before but this
is the make-it-or-break-it time for the
NA LCS basically everything almost
everything is losing money right now in
eSports and the cost keep going up his
player salaries keep going up etc and
for a long time fans have basically
received like free content without
having paid for it right because they
were in adblock and there are not very
many ads you know like only recently
that's right it started to do real
advertising with a source stuff and all
that kind of thing these teams will be
looking you know a lot of these guys are
paying 13 million to get in they have to
recoup that the teams in riot now share
a revenue share situation with the
players by the way so any of these three
different parties that are all in it to
make money together so I think that it's
an exciting time for LCS because for the
first time everyone will be really
forced to like there's no there's no
more like you know oftentimes when you
are building a startup
you focus on user acquisition with an
idea of what revenue will be later on
and where you know how you'll generate
revenue later on but you focus you're
like okay well fine losing money for a
while because we have to figure out what
a product is gonna be what we're gonna
do blah blah well if you think about any
LCS is a start-up with a bunch of
different stakeholders and investors you
now have your product right like you've
got the best partners you can get you've
got players you are making formatting
adjustments to deal with viewership you
are you just don't have any more excuses
anymore right and you've invested too
much you can't keep investing money in
and losing it so it is time for the NA
LCS to become revenue positive and I'm
thinking that it will become something
there we'll see what happens but I think
there's gonna be a big push for that
over the next two years I don't know a
forum that's gonna take certainly we
haven't seen the BAM tech deal that riot
announced a year ago really coming into
fruition you know that the teams are
gonna start rev sharing we don't know
what kind of sponsors the new guys are
gonna be able to bring in but just be
prepared that this is not team mourns
LCS city war okay guys it's the Golden
State Warriors this LCS Golden State
Warriors it's the the NBA na LCS NBA
LCS whatever time so we're gonna see
what happens anyway like I said all this
needs to be coming out in the next I
would guess the next 10 days I don't
know how it would work if after the 21st
players are getting signed to teams and
yet Wright has announced anything though
crazier things have happened so expect
that just wanted to make this video just
set expectations and give have kind of a
conversation before all this kind of
stuff goes down again if you like my
content please consider supporting me
directly Travis CARICOM such support
YouTube makes me generally speaking zero
dollars and without you know the sponsor
stuff I was doing at Worlds etc I need
to pay rent you could help me thanks for
watching I hope you enjoyed the video
and stay tuned for more